docs: add Troubleshooting page (#18181)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/use/troubleshooting/couldnt-determine-the-plugin-uniquely.md

---
title: ESLint couldn't determine the plugin … uniquely
eleventyNavigation:
    key: couldn't determine plugin uniquely
    parent: troubleshooting
    title: ESLint couldn't determine the plugin … uniquely
---

> [ESLint configuration files](../configure/configuration-files) allow loading in plugins that may include other plugins.

Reviewer: This error occurs only with eslintrc. I think that's worth pointing out.

    title: ESLint couldn't determine the plugin … uniquely
---

## Symptoms

When using the [legacy ESLint config system](../configure/configuration-files-deprecated.md), you may see this error running ESLint after installing dependencies:

```plaintext
ESLint couldn't determine the plugin "${pluginId}" uniquely.

- ${filePath} (loaded in "${importerName}")
- ${filePath} (loaded in "${importerName}")
...

Please remove the "plugins" setting from either config or remove either plugin installation.
```

## Cause

ESLint configuration files allow loading in plugins that may include other plugins.
A plugin package might be specified as a dependency of both your package and one or more ESLint plugins.
If the same plugin appears multiple times in different versions, ESLint will print an error with the format:

> For example, if your package requires `eslint-plugin-a@2` and `eslint-plugin-b@3`, and `eslint-plugin-b` requires `eslint-plugin-a@1`, then the `eslint-plugin-a` package might have two different versions on disk:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if your config depends on `eslint-plugin-a@2` and `eslint-plugin-b@3`, and you extend `eslint-config-b` that depends on `eslint-plugin-a@1`, then the `eslint-plugin-a` package might have two different versions on disk:
```

* `node_modules/eslint-plugin-a`
* `node_modules/eslint-plugin-b/node_modules/eslint-plugin-a`

If the legacy ESLint configuration system sees that both plugins exists with different versions, it won't know which one to use.

> It will instead print the aforementioned error.

Reviewer: I don't think this sentence is needed.
```suggestion
```
